right here something pretty cool I've
been looking forward to getting it's a
hobbit limited edition moleskin notebook
coffee no big and comes in this cool box
doesn't you been back I don't damage the
bulks or anything I'm sad say goodbye
little one travels far jr. talking nice
I was hoping it'd be this big house once
to write in the veil on it or something
short sure a big bangs banging apart
from there talking local single thing
black in the back and that's so cool you
drawings in here and there tokens
drawings play a lot and watch thing when
you get to the start cool from the whole
bus on the first page I think it's about
it's between two and three hundred pages
which is a nice size and compared to our
moleskin years
that bloke said I don't was anything
else in here just this is just a normal
skin this is a large size should be 13
by 21 centimetres so real nice size for
right and then and it's supposed to come
with some extra bits is there a sleeve
of the bag there's yeah here we go
little skins are like some of the nicest
notebooks I think right so this is what
this comes with it's nice map from The
Hobbit oh you could have made that a bit
bigger
yeah I was hoping this map would be a
lot nicer how does it say in the back
just some dwarf runes but that's just a
waste of paper that's just such a waste
just having nothing on the top I was
going to compete it to this pocket
edition of the whole bet go see
can I get them both also open it be like
this I guess it's exactly the same match
the extra Scott runes on it to make it
look further and it's got that parchment
kind of effect some maps kind of
disappointing
if it was the fooi for kind of proper
reproduction of that one from the pocket
just a hobbit very pleased with a rate I
was just looking at some of the product
pictures of this and it does have
writing here and here like bullets
probably it's got this rating that they
put on the back they've got that Shawn
on the front here which is weird it's
just like this so I don't know why
they've shown you that on the pictures
when it doesn't actually come like that
so it'd be so much nicer if it did
so
- for a nice mob thinking it's going to
come like it boots on the internet with
a nice silvery rating because it doesn't
come like that anyway it's a very nice
mole skin and if you're watching it it's
you can get another version that's not
limited edition well it might be they'll
call everything a limited edition
nowadays and you can get it for years
afterwards so don't know how much I
believe it you can get one nuts I think
that's pretty much the same as this but
it's got this kind of glow the red
effect this is in gold instead of black
please like and subscribe and thanks for
sure